DOC minimally discuss inconsistencies in openMP's limitation thread locality (#209)
joblib/threadpoolctl: README.md

workloads that involve nested parallelism so as to mitigate
oversubscription issues.

> **Important:** In its current state, `threadpoolctl` is only designed for
> situations where BLAS/OpenMP are called from the main thread. Once you start

> > calling BLAS or OpenMP from a Python thread pool, the impact of the

Reviewer: Re-reading this, I am a bit confused by the thread pool wording.
Maybe clearer:
```suggestion
> calling BLAS or OpenMP in a multi-threaded Python program, the impact of the
```

> `threadpoolctl` limiting APIs will be very inconsistent.
>
> Examples where it will work fine:
>
> * When you're using it to configure a worker in a process pool (as long as the

> >   workers don't starts their own Python thread pool.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   workers don't starts their own Python threads.)
```

> * A Jupyter notebook, again so long as you don't call BLAS/OpenMP from a

> >   Python thread pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * A Jupyter notebook, again so long as you don't call BLAS/OpenMP from a
>   Python thread.
```

  and workarounds:
  https://github.com/joblib/threadpoolctl/blob/master/multiple_openmp.md

- Setting the maximum number of threads of the OpenMP and BLAS libraries has
  inconsistent scope (thread-local vs process-wide) and semantics (thread-local
  vs process-wide) depending on the underlying library. For more details see

>   https://github.com/joblib/threadpoolctl/issues/208

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  inconsistent scope and semantics (thread-local vs process-wide)
  depending on the underlying library. For more details see
```

Author: They are actually two separate issues, with 4 quadrants (and real-world existence of 3 of them). But probably overkill to explain it here yeah.
